today I suit up and find out what it
takes to be a commercial diver in the
Twin Ports it all starts with about
sixty pounds of gear which was more
complicated to put on than imagined and
as it turns out it's a lot harder than
it looks
divers at Nordic underwater services can
spend up to eight hours a day in their
wetsuits definitely takes a toll you
have to you have to respect the water
and their office is like nothing you can
imagine sometimes we're working in dark
in total blackout conditions cramped but
the divers say they love the challenge
it's always an interesting day never
complacent changes every moment every
second nordic is one of the only
commercial diving companies in the Twin
Ports we do a lot of underwater welding
burning concrete work we do a lot of
repairs to the dock walls and in a short
time this company has become a triple
threat assess it engineer it design it
and then go build it because the waters
around Lake Superior suffer from higher
than normal amounts of corrosion Nordics
research and maintenance is helping to
protect the harbor and will keep them
busy for years to come we will probably
expand to a second full time dive crew
and hopefully 2/3 by 2016 while the pay
can become very lucrative
that's not why these guys do it you
don't do it for the money
you do it because you love diving all in
day's work at Nordic underwater services
in superior i'm christian akeli hey good
yes Fox 21
you